README.md, before:

# ZEROPS RECIPES

The concept of pre-prepared skeletons demonstrates the way how to set up and use technologies Zerops is supporting.

## Recipe: Basic integration of Elasticsearch & Node.js

Pre-prepared skeleton demonstrating the way how to set up and use Node.js and [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch) in Zerops. The main focus is on the client [Node.js SDK](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/index.html) (here, **v7.15** is used) configuration to connect the Elasticsearch service and show a simple example of how to insert a new document.

## Zerops import syntax

```yaml
services:
# Service will be accessible through zcli VPN under: http://recipees:9200
- hostname: recipees
  # Type and version of a used service.
  type: elasticsearch@7
  # Whether the service will be run on one or multiple containers.
  # Since this is a utility service, using only one container is fine.
  mode: NON_HA
# Service will be accessible through zcli VPN under: http://repiceesnodejs:3000
- hostname: recipeesnodejs
  # Type and version of a used service.
  type: nodejs@14
  # Whether the service will be run on one or multiple containers.
  # Since this is a utility service, using only one container is fine.
  mode: NON_HA
  # Service port definition (in Node.js it's a user configurable parameter).
  ports:
  - port: 3000
    # If enabled, it means that a web server runs on the port (HTTP application protocol is supported).
    # It also means that you can enable a Zerops subdomain and access the service from the Internet.
    # You can even map public Internet domains with the option of automatic support for SSL certificates.
    httpSupport: true
  # A command that should start your service.
  startCommand: npm start
  # Repository that contains Node.js code with build and deploy instructions.
  buildFromGit: https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-es-nodejs-basic@main
```

See the [Zerops documentation](https://docs.zerops.io/documentation/export-import/project-service-export-import.html) to understand how to use it.

## Using the recipe

1. [Import](/documentation/export-import/project-service-export-import.html#how-to-export-import-a-project) [both recipe services](#zerops-import-syntax) into your already existed Zerops project.

2. Wait till the moment when both services will be created and running.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Initialization.png "Initialization")
![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Finishing.png "Finishing")
![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Done.png "Done")

3. Open the **recipeesnodejs** Node.js service to get access to its details.

4. Open the **Private & public access** section in detail and turn on the switch **Enable Zerops Subdomain Access**. Wait till the moment it's processed.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Service-NodeJS-Subdomain.png "Subdomain Access")

5. Click on the activated subdomain URL to open a new web page. You can see the result of a essential operation when a new document is inserted into the Elasticsearch service from the Node.js environment using the Elasticsearch SDK.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Service-Subdomain-Access-Result.png "Subdomain Access Result")

6. In the end, **don't remember to disable** the Zerops subdomain access. Finally, you can delete both services from your project to keep it clear because you can always repeat it entirely from the beginning.

7. Instead of using a Zerops subdomain, you can [map your public domain](http://localhost:8081/documentation/routing/using-your-domain.html) to access the service.

Commit message:

wip(recipe): import service dialog

README.md, after:

# ZEROPS RECIPES

The concept of pre-prepared skeletons demonstrates the way how to set up and use technologies Zerops is supporting.

## Recipe: Basic integration of Elasticsearch & Node.js

Pre-prepared skeleton demonstrating the way how to set up and use Node.js and [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch) in Zerops. The main focus is on the client [Node.js SDK](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/index.html) (here, **v7.15** is used) configuration to connect the Elasticsearch service and show a simple example of how to insert a new document.

## Zerops import syntax

```yaml
services:
# Service will be accessible through zcli VPN under: http://recipees:9200
- hostname: recipees
  # Type and version of a used service.
  type: elasticsearch@7
  # Whether the service will be run on one or multiple containers.
  # Since this is a utility service, using only one container is fine.
  mode: NON_HA
# Service will be accessible through zcli VPN under: http://repiceesnodejs:3000
- hostname: recipeesnodejs
  # Type and version of a used service.
  type: nodejs@14
  # Whether the service will be run on one or multiple containers.
  # Since this is a utility service, using only one container is fine.
  mode: NON_HA
  # Service port definition (in Node.js it's a user configurable parameter).
  ports:
  - port: 3000
    # If enabled, it means that a web server runs on the port (HTTP application protocol is supported).
    # It also means that you can enable a Zerops subdomain and access the service from the Internet.
    # You can even map public Internet domains with the option of automatic support for SSL certificates.
    httpSupport: true
  # A command that should start your service.
  startCommand: npm start
  # Repository that contains Node.js code with build and deploy instructions.
  buildFromGit: https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-es-nodejs-basic@main
```

Copy & paste the import snippet above into the dialog of **Import service** functionality.

![Import](./images/Zerops-Imporrt-Services-Dialog.png "Import Service Dialog")

See the [Zerops documentation](https://docs.zerops.io/documentation/export-import/project-service-export-import.html) to understand how to use it.

## Using the recipe

1. [Import](/documentation/export-import/project-service-export-import.html#how-to-export-import-a-project) [both recipe services](#zerops-import-syntax) into your already existed Zerops project.

2. Wait till the moment when both services will be created and running.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Initialization.png "Initialization")
![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Finishing.png "Finishing")
![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Services-Done.png "Done")

3. Open the **recipeesnodejs** Node.js service to get access to its details.

4. Open the **Private & public access** section in detail and turn on the switch **Enable Zerops Subdomain Access**. Wait till the moment it's processed.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Service-NodeJS-Subdomain.png "Subdomain Access")

5. Click on the activated subdomain URL to open a new web page. You can see the result of a essential operation when a new document is inserted into the Elasticsearch service from the Node.js environment using the Elasticsearch SDK.

![Recipe](./images/Zerops-Service-Subdomain-Access-Result.png "Subdomain Access Result")

6. In the end, **don't remember to disable** the Zerops subdomain access. Finally, you can delete both services from your project to keep it clear because you can always repeat it entirely from the beginning.

7. Instead of using a Zerops subdomain, you can [map your public domain](http://localhost:8081/documentation/routing/using-your-domain.html) to access the service.
